Update islamic_prayer_times.markdown (#18040)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/islamic_prayer_times.markdown

  - sensor
---

The Islamic Prayer Times integration displays the various prayer times for Muslims as sensors.

> This platform uses the `prayer_times_calculator` package to get the prayer times. To learn about the different calculation options that are avaiable you can check this [link](https://aladhan.com/prayer-times-api#GetTimings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration uses the `prayer_times_calculator` package to get the prayer times. To learn about the different calculation options that are available you can check this [link](https://aladhan.com/prayer-times-api#GetTimings).
```

> In addition to the calculation options you can also specify an offest for the different prayers for custom tuning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the calculation options, you can also specify an offset for the different prayers for custom tuning.
```

The following sensors are added by the integration:

> sensors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - Fajr: Show the fajr prayer time for today.
>   - Sunrise: Show the sunrise for today which is the end of fajr prayer. This is a calculated field and may not necessarily be the same as the astronomical sunrise.
>   - Dhuhr: Show the dhuhr prayer time for today.
>   - Asr: Show the asr prayer time for today.
>   - Maghrib: Show the maghrib prayer time for today.
>   - Isha: Show the isha prayer time for today.
>   - Imsak: Show the Imsak time (mostly used in the month of Ramadan).
>   - Midnight: Show the midnight for today which is the end of isha prayer. This is a calculated field and is not the same as 12AM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fajr: Show the fajr prayer time for today.
- Sunrise: Show the sunrise for today which is the end of fajr prayer. This is a calculated field and may not necessarily be the same as the astronomical sunrise.
- Dhuhr: Show the dhuhr prayer time for today.
- Asr: Show the asr prayer time for today.
- Maghrib: Show the maghrib prayer time for today.
- Isha: Show the isha prayer time for today.
- Imsak: Show the Imsak time (mostly used in the month of Ramadan).
- Midnight: Show the midnight for today which is the end of isha prayer. This is a calculated field and is not the same as 12 AM.
```
